README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I'm Ariel Chen — welcome to my GitHub!  

<div align="center">

A passionate full stack developer with 3 cats 🐱🐱🐱  

<img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/6c/90/28/6c90288d7e10d46d18895f17f420a92c.gif" width="300"/>

</div>

🌱 I’m currently learning React Native, Flask, and mobile app development  
💻 Projects I'm building:  
  • LoveLog – a relationship memory tracker app  
  • A DIY gift request site for friends' birthdays  

💬 Ask me about React, Flask, creative coding ideas, or how to turn a hobby into an app  
📫 How to reach me: happilyeverafter0800@gmail.com and <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariel-chen-se/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
</a>  
⚡ Fun fact: I used to design fashion collections—now I design apps

---

### 🛠️ Languages and Tools:

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" /><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flask/flask-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vite/vite-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/replit/replit-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="40"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-Mobile_App_Framework-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SCSS-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" height="30"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" width="40" title="SCSS"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" width="40"/> <!-- Vue -->


---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HYC-code520&layout=compact&theme=radical)

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current skills and projects
Updated personal introduction and project list in README.

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I'm Ariel Chen — welcome to my GitHub!  

<div align="center">

A passionate full stack developer with 3 cats 🐱🐱🐱  

<img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/6c/90/28/6c90288d7e10d46d18895f17f420a92c.gif" width="300"/>

</div>

🌱 Frontend-focused engineer experienced in React and Flask, recently expanding into Vue and Astro through professional projects
💻 Projects I'm building:  
  • LoveLog – a relationship memory tracker app  
  • A DIY gift request site for friends' birthdays  

💬 Ask me about React, Flask, creative coding ideas, or how to turn a hobby into an app  
📫 How to reach me: happilyeverafter0800@gmail.com and <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariel-chen-se/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
</a>  
⚡ Fun fact: I used to design fashion collections—now I design apps

---

### 🛠️ Languages and Tools:

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" /><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flask/flask-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vite/vite-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/replit/replit-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="40"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-Mobile_App_Framework-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SCSS-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" height="30"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" width="40" title="SCSS"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" width="40"/> <!-- Vue -->


---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HYC-code520&layout=compact&theme=radical)
